good afternoon my favorite viewers i'm glad
greet you on your channel and
today I want to show you a box
received almost recently
tested was very pleased and
very pleased it is not and remove the box and y
I have not had such boxes yet and I think
probably you should be interested too
order and and do not order well by
at least for me I will
I liked to order it and
doing such here only
decorating and there is one product
this perfumery water is not decorative
so let's begin most probably
interesting product which is me
liked the most well in some
degree will it come first it
lip gloss from catrice in number 8 is yours
probably it is called such a color
red on my lips visible red
so orange or a brush is very
convenient if you can see the color and whether there is it
just wear so shiny than good
this lipstick shine goes altogether as shine
what good is she so brilliant and very
a very long time holding on practically
till 8 o'clock and does not dry lips that here is
there is such a gloss with persistent lipstick then
that they don't dry their lips at that
this is not very very gently as if
moisturizes lips does not lie well
spreads with almost one stroke you
apply very beautiful gloss on lips
The next product I have long dreamed of
like lacquers so that he was exactly that
Colors do not know the camera does not give
will give it such a warm orange
soft that color which is good
suitable for summer and autumn that is, he
combined with many colors viz.
if you do some variety
manicure and and this is number 168 for me and here
I wanted them for a long time to order this color
wanted a lot but the fact is that when
look at the picture on the site one color
when another comes
it was they who hit the mark and put
exactly the lacquer that I wanted is comfortable
such a brush he practically strips
convenient brush practically does not pay
can be in one layer if you want to make
the second layer will just be brighter
single-layer attacks are fine and hold
very long long and most importantly it
the dignity of this varnish is that he
dries almost instantly that is
Nakrasili and even you did not have time there something
think about something
the next product is mascara everyone needs
all should be in the collection
this is mascara from divage
ninety sixty ninety who
gives the volume and length of cilia very
he has an interesting brush so soft
silicone
so here it looks and there are some
such things that get out of the carcass
divides it
and you won't have lumps of mascara holding on
fine during the day i heard will pass
I do not have it heard me did not try
Now I had the opportunity
try and i'm very very happy
during the day does not spread not
nothing like that is nothing
there is no such thing if you are interested
look at this
the next product that was in
box this sisi cream from aluminum is not
I had a similar product and also
have guessed the light and in general very, very
this what sisi cream probably already all
know it is six in one post
factor and moisturizes the skin and makes it
velvety and tone and hide
some flaws and adapts here
Watch anal now looks like
white practically
but after some time literally right away
it adapts to your skin color
very soft gentle that is such
virtually weightless none of
no mask effect east
the next product is the shadows of the legs from
firms savin ten-ten and took away said
i'm not four hundred and twenty first
but I haven't tried them yet because
what is it a little bit not my color this such
maroon any such color
shimmer and now even looking at this
the packaging shows that they are very strong
pigmented or for evening makeup
probably all the way that tahitian but I don't
I never tried this color in my life and
I do n’t even know he’s gonna be my bottom
experiment then share with you
if it works out well
and the last product as I said and
by faberlic sweet jasmine moisturizer
water from to moistening water
there are two in one
a and moisturizes and gives your body
such a pleasant unobtrusive smell it
jasmine but it doesn't smell like jasmine
there is something there i have jen change still
there are no herbs in this product
this product has no alcohol, that is, you can
enjoy all day long i mean i
I think all the same very well and take with
is where you are on the beach that it is here to
this is connected
so filling the box I hope everything
did you like this video if you
ordered such boxes write what
did you like it or i just don't know u
they all have the same content
be vary then there are other colors
I do not know yet and therefore I am waiting for letters from you
Thank you all for your attention. Bye bye.